You did it. You made it through the HTML lesson.
Give yourself a round of applause.
Take a deep breath,
drink some water, get hydrated.
You are doing an amazing job.
Some of the HTML that we covered in this lesson is about
elements and how we make them and how we can add attributes to them.
Then we also looked at debugging HTML,
some of the biggest errors people see.
Then we got little hints of CSS,
ways that we can style the elements on our page
using class or ID which are the attributes we've learned from.
Coming up we'll learn how to separate out the concerns,
so that our CSS lives in a completely different file from our HTML,
and those two things will come into perfect synchronicity
to create the most elegant web page layout and design.